The following open source projects are referenced by Device Camera Go:

https://golang.org/LICENSE

armon/go-metrics (MIT) https://github.com/armon/go-metrics
https://github.com/armon/go-metrics/blob/master/LICENSE

cenkalti/backoff 2.1.1 (MIT) https://github.com/cenkalti
https://github.com/cenkalti/backoff/blob/v3/LICENSE

faceterteam/onvif4go (MIT) https://github.com/faceterteam/onvif4go
https://github.com/faceterteam/onvif4go/blob/master/LICENSE

Nested onvif4go packages are not separately licensed:
faceterteam/onvif4go/device
faceterteam/onvif4go/onvif

go-kit/kit 0.8.0 (MIT) https://github.com/go-kit/kit
https://github.com/go-kit/kit/blob/master/LICENSE

go-logfmt/logfmt 0.4.0 (MIT) https://github.com/go-logfmt/logfmt
https://github.com/go-logfmt/logfmt/blob/master/LICENSE

google/uuid 1.1.0 (BSD-3) https://github.com/google/uuid
https://github.com/google/uuid/blob/master/LICENSE

gorilla/mux 1.6.2 (BSD-3) https://github.com/gorilla/mux
https://github.com/gorilla/mux/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/consul 1.4.0 (MPL-2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/consul
https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-cleanhttp 0.5.0 (MPL-2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-cleanhttp
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-cleanhttp/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-immutable-radix 1.0.0 (MPL-2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-immutable-radix
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-immutable-radix/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-rootcerts 1.0.0 (MPL-2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-rootcerts
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-rootcerts/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/golang-lru 0.5.0 (MPL-2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru
https://github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru/blob/master/LICENSE

kr/logfmt (unspecified) https://github.com/kr/logfmt
https://github.com/kr/logfmt/blob/master/Readme

mitchellh/go-homedir 1.0.0 (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/go-homedir
https://github.com/mitchellh/go-homedir/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/mapstructure 1.1.2 (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure
https://github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/errwrap (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/errwrap
https://github.com/hashicorp/errwrap/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-multierror (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-multierror
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-multierror/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/serf 0.8.1 (MPL-2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/serf
https://github.com/hashicorp/serf/blob/master/LICENSE

gopkg.in/yaml v3 (MIT and Apache 2.0) https://github.com/go-yaml/yaml
https://github.com/go-yaml/yaml/blob/v3/LICENSE

mitchellh/consulstructure (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/consulstructure
https://github.com/mitchellh/consulstructure/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/copystructure 1.0.0 (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/copystructure
https://github.com/mitchellh/copystructure/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/reflectwalk 1.0.0 (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/reflectwalk
https://github.com/mitchellh/reflectwalk/blob/master/LICENSE

pelletier/go-toml 1.2.0 (MIT) https://github.com/pelletier/go-toml
https://github.com/pelletier/go-toml/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/device-sdk-go (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/device-sdk-go/v2
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/device-sdk-go/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/v2
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-registry (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-registry/v2
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-registry/blob/master/Attribution.txt

OneOfOne/xxhash (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/OneOfOne/xxhash
https://github.com/OneOfOne/xxhash/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/consul/api (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/api
https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-bootstrap (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-bootstrap/v2
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-bootstrap/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-secrets (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-secrets
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-secrets/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-configuration (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-configuration/v2
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-configuration/blob/master/LICENSE

fxamacker/cbor (MIT) https://github.com/fxamacker/cbor/v2
https://github.com/fxamacker/cbor/blob/master/LICENSE

x448/float16 (MIT) https://github.com/x448/float16
https://github.com/x448/float16/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/crypto (BSD-3) https://github.com/golang/crypto
https://github.com/golang/crypto/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/net (BSD-3) https://github.com/golang/net
https://github.com/golang/net/blob/master/LICENSE

bertimus9/systemstat (MIT) https://bitbucket.org/bertimus9/systemstat
https://bitbucket.org/bertimus9/systemstat/src/master/LICENSE

go-playground/locales (MIT) https://github.com/go-playground/locales
https://github.com/go-playground/locales/blob/master/LICENSE

go-playground/universal-translator (MIT) https://github.com/go-playground/universal-translator
https://github.com/go-playground/universal-translator/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-playground/validator/v10 (MIT) https://github.com/go-playground/validator
https://github.com/go-playground/validator/blob/master/LICENSE

leodido/go-urn (MIT) https://github.com/leodido/go-urn
https://github.com/leodido/go-urn

edgexfoundry/go-mod-messaging (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-messaging/v2
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-messaging/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-secrets (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-secrets/v2
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-secrets/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/fatih/color (MIT) https://github.com/fatih/color
https://github.com/fatih/color/blob/master/LICENSE.md

github.com/hashicorp/go-hclog (MIT) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-hclog
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-hclog/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/mattn/go-colorable (MIT) https://github.com/mattn/go-colorable
https://github.com/mattn/go-colorable/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/mattn/go-isatty (MIT) https://github.com/mattn/go-isatty
https://github.com/mattn/go-isatty/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/sys (Unspecified) https://github.com/golang/sys
https://github.com/golang/sys/blob/master/LICENSE

go-redis/redis (BSD-2) https://github.com/go-redis/redis/v7
https://github.com/go-redis/redis/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/text (Unspecified) https://github.com/golang/text
https://github.com/golang/text/blob/master/LICENSE

gorilla/websocket (BSD-2) https://github.com/gorilla/websocket
https://github.com/gorilla/websocket/blob/master/LICENSE

eclipse/paho.mqtt.golang (Eclipse Public License 1.0) https://github.com/eclipse/paho.mqtt.golang
https://github.com/eclipse/paho.mqtt.golang/blob/master/LICENSE

pebbe/zmq4 (BSD-2) https://github.com/pebbe/zmq4
https://github.com/pebbe/zmq4/blob/master/LICENSE.txt

go-kit/log (MIT) https://github.com/go-kit/log
https://github.com/go-kit/log/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/golang/protobuf (BSD-3) https://github.com/golang/protobuf
https://github.com/golang/protobuf/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/spiffe/go-spiffe/v2 (Apache-2.0 License) github.com/spiffe/go-spiffe/v2
https://github.com/spiffe/go-spiffe/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/zeebo/errs (MIT) https://github.com/zeebo/errs
https://github.com/zeebo/errs/blob/master/LICENSE

google.golang.org/genproto (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/googleapis/go-genproto
https://github.com/googleapis/go-genproto/blob/main/LICENSE

google.golang.org/grpc (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/grpc/grpc-go
https://github.com/grpc/grpc-go/blob/master/LICENSE

google.golang.org/protobuf (Unspecified) https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf-go
https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf-go/blob/master/LICENSE

gopkg.in/square/go-jose.v2 (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/square/go-jose/tree/v2.6.0
https://github.com/square/go-jose/blob/v2.6.0/LICENSE

gopkg.in/yaml.v2 (MIT) https://github.com/go-yaml/yaml/
https://github.com/go-yaml/yaml/blob/v2/LICENSE

pkg/errors (BSD-2) https://github.com/pkg/errors
https://github.com/pkg/errors/blob/master/LICENSE

rcrowley/go-metrics (Unspecified) https://github.com/rcrowley/go-metrics
https://github.com/rcrowley/go-metrics/blob/master/LICENSE

